Wednesday, 11/26/2025 p.m.
Stocks finish higher –
U.S. equity markets closed higher on Wednesday following a decline in initial jobless claims and solid September durable goods orders data. For the week, U.S. markets are firmly higher with the S&P 500 rebounding from a 2% decline last week and on pace for a weekly gain of over 3%.* Leadership was broad-based, with growth-oriented sectors such as technology performing well alongside value-oriented sectors like utilities and consumer staples.* Overseas, markets were mostly higher in Asia overnight, while European markets traded higher as well.* Bond yields were little changed on the day with the 10-year Treasury yield closing around the 4% mark.*
Jobless claims tick lower; investment spending ends the third-quarter on a high note –
Initial jobless claims for last week were 216,000, below expectations of 230,000 and under the prior reading of 222,000.* Continuing jobless claims were little changed from the previous week at 1.96 million.* Despite signs of slower hiring, we have yet to see a meaningful uptick in layoffs, with initial jobless claims well below the 30-year average of roughly 364,000 and also below the 2015–2019 average of roughly 245,000.* While labor-market conditions have cooled compared to recent years, we believe they remain healthy and should support consumer spending over the coming quarters.* With the government shutdown delaying the original release, today also brought a read on durable goods spending for September. Durable goods orders rose 0.5% in September, matching consensus expectations and boosted by strength in orders for communications equipment, perhaps reflecting strong spending trends tied to the build out AI infrastructure.* In our view, today’s report suggests that business investment remained healthy at the end of the third quarter despite trade policy uncertainty.*
Momentum building beyond the U.S. –
Despite volatility earlier this spring, investors can be thankful for what has been another strong year of equity market returns so far in 2025. The S&P 500 has gained roughly 16% year-to-date, including dividends, putting it on pace for its third consecutive annual gain of 15% or more.* However, the U.S. has not been the only game in town, with stock markets in Germany, France, Japan, and the U.K. all notching new all-time highs in 2025.* Additionally, international stocks—as measured by the MSCI AC World ex USA Index—have gained 26%, including dividends through yesterday’s close, handily outperforming U.S. markets.* Improving economic momentum in Europe and resilient activity in Japan, despite U.S. auto tariffs, have supported developed international markets, while emerging-market stocks have benefited from strong performance in technology-heavy regions such as Korea and China.* We believe there are reasons for optimism within international stocks in the months ahead, particularly among international developed small- and mid-cap stocks and emerging-market equities.* Furthermore, with the S&P 500 heavily concentrated in its 10 largest companies, adding exposure to international markets can help manage risk, broaden opportunity sets, and enhance long-term portfolio resilience.* To view our full suite of portfolio guidance, check out our
Monthly Portfolio Brief
.
Brock Weimer, CFA
;
Investment Strategy
Source: *FactSet